[FLINK-20096][docs] Clean up PyFlink docs (#14041)
apache/flink: docs/dev/python/index.md

specific language governing permissions and limitations
under the License.
-->

<img src="{% link /fig/pyflink.svg %}" alt="PyFlink" class="offset" width="50%" />

PyFlink is a language for building unified batch and streaming workloads.
This means real-time streaming pipelines, performing exploratory data
analysis at scale, building machine learning pipelines, and creating ETLs for a data platform.

> If you're already familiar with Python and libraries such as Pandas, then PyFlink makes it simple
> to leverage the full capabilities of the Apache Flink ecosystem.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you're already familiar with Python and libraries such as Pandas, then PyFlink makes it simpler to leverage the full capabilities of the Flink ecosystem. Depending on the level of abstraction you need, there are two different APIs that can be used in PyFlink:
```

> The PyFlink Table API makes it simple to write powerful relational queries for building reports and
> ETL pipelines.
> At the same time, the PyFlink DataStream API gives developers access to low-level control over
> state and time, unlocking the full power of stream processing.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The **PyFlink Table API** allows you to write powerful relational queries in a way that is similar to using SQL or working with tabular data in Python.

* At the same time, the **PyFlink DataStream API** gives you lower-level control over the core building blocks of Flink ([state](https://ci.apache.org/projects/flink/flink-docs-release-1.11/concepts/stateful-stream-processing.html#what-is-state) and [time](https://ci.apache.org/projects/flink/flink-docs-release-1.11/concepts/timely-stream-processing.html#introduction)) to build more complex stream processing use cases.
```

Reviewer: Think it's important here to give users something to identify with, like SQL and Pandas. Also, I don't think state and time in the way that we think about them are straightforward for Python users that don't know Flink.

Author: I like that. For future reference, we don't cross-link via the actual url state should be: 

```md
[state]({% link concepts/stateful-stream-processing.md}#what-is-state)
```

<div class="row">
<div class="col-sm-6" markdown="1">

### Try PyFlink

If you’re interested in playing around with Flink, try one of our tutorials:

* [Intro to PyFlink Table API]({% link dev/python/table_api_tutorial.md %})
* [Intro to PyFlink DataStream API]({% link dev/python/datastream_tutorial.md %})

</div>
<div class="col-sm-6" markdown="1">

### Explore PyFlink

The reference documentation covers all the details. Some starting points:

> * [PyFlink DataStream API]({% link dev/python/table-api-users-guide/index.md %})

Reviewer 2: Nit: *PyFlink Table API* is located before the *Python DataStream API* in the *Try PyFlink* section. What about keeping the order consistent?
